


//walk in Orion mansion

This was supposed to be over quickly. I was just trying to find my brother Henry from his mansion in Germany, but it did not turn out to be that simple.

//walk in Orion basement

He had apparently found a strange, unnatural Tome with incredible capabilities, including the Touch of Midas, the ability to transfrom matter and many more.

//walk in Orion second cellar

However, the one that caught his attention the most was the possibilty to create a portal to an alternative universe. He wrote in his diaries that this universe
would consist of endless richness, prosperous existence and it would a dreamland - a pure paradise.

//walk in Orion Dungeon

The Tome had instructed him to gather four artifacts, named "Cursed Possessions". After those are all successfully acquired, he has to sacrifice twenty innocent souls to 
power up the portal which would then take him to the alternative universe.

//walk in.. portal??

He had managed to open another, smaller portal which has took him.. somewhere. I need to stop him. I am terrified, and I don't want to enter that same portal. But if I ever
want to see him again, and stop his delusional madness, what other choice do I have?

I guess.. here goes nothing..

//begin the mod


//BEGIN THE END - HENRY WELCOMES... SOMEONE

Hey there brother, you made it here it seems..

I understand that you are confused. I understand that you are in disbelief, and most of all, I understand that you are disappointed in me.

I have done some... questionable things, to say the least. I have done things that can not be undone, no matter what.

But listen to me, and listen carefully. You can join us in the alternative universe. It is not just limited to me and Howard, you are welcome too.

When you enter the portal, and start traveling, you will forget everything. Everything you have experienced here, you will forget. You will have no guilt, nothing to be regretting for.

You do not have much time before the portal closes, you must choose quickly. You know what happens when the portal is closed, everything will be gone. You included.

So, please, make the easy choice, and join us.

//HENRY BEGINS TO HURRY.. SOMEONE UP //WORST ENDING - YOU DIE, HENRY LIVES, WORLD DESTROYED

Remember, you do not have much time. The choice is easy.

What are you waiting for? The portal closes soon!

Brother, for Hell's sake! Decide!

This is your last chance! Enter the damn portal!

The portal is closing! Why did you do this? Brother..

Farewell.

//HENRY TAUNTS.. SOMEONE TO NOT BREAK THE CROSSES // HERO ENDING - YOU DIE, HENRY DIES, WORLD SAVED

Stop doing that, you are intervening with the portal's power!!

Quit that right away! Join us quickly!

What are you doing?! Stop it! You will ruin everything!

You fool! You have ruined it all! All the work!

Now we all die, me, Howard, and you, and it is all thanks to your idiocity!

Burn in Hell, forever!

//ENTER THE PORTAL - SELFISH ENDING

Welcome, brother. You know what awaits us? Everything that you have ever dreamed of, will be true soon.

All you ever wished, wanted.. we will arrive there..

You made the right choice. Remember, in a short moment, you will forget everything we have done..

Everything is going to be perfect.

//YOU IN THE END, GHOUL IS COMING TO KILL YOU

(very weak) No.. please, don't..

Please, unholy forces, spare me..

I will do anything.. just leave me alone..

*dies*


















